docs/TestingFrameworks.md, before:

---
id: testing-frameworks
title: Testing Web Frameworks
---

Although Jest may be considered a React-specific test runner, in fact it is a universal testing platform, with the ability to adapt to any JavaScript library or framework. In this section we'd like to link to community posts and articles about integrating Jest into other popular JS libraries.

## Vue.js

- [Testing Vue.js components with Jest](https://alexjoverm.github.io/series/Unit-Testing-Vue-js-Components-with-the-Official-Vue-Testing-Tools-and-Jest/) by Alex Jover Morales ([@alexjoverm](https://twitter.com/alexjoverm))
- [Jest for all: Episode 1 — Vue.js](https://medium.com/@kentaromiura_the_js_guy/jest-for-all-episode-1-vue-js-d616bccbe186#.d573vrce2) by Cristian Carlesso ([@kentaromiura](https://twitter.com/kentaromiura))

## AngularJS

- [Testing an AngularJS app with Jest](https://medium.com/aya-experience/testing-an-angularjs-app-with-jest-3029a613251) by Matthieu Lux ([@Swiip](https://twitter.com/Swiip))
- [Running AngularJS Tests with Jest](https://engineering.talentpair.com/running-angularjs-tests-with-jest-49d0cc9c6d26) by Ben Brandt ([@benjaminbrandt](https://twitter.com/benjaminbrandt))
- [AngularJS Unit Tests with Jest Actions (Traditional Chinese)](https://dwatow.github.io/2019/08-14-angularjs/angular-jest/?fbclid=IwAR2SrqYg_o6uvCQ79FdNPeOxs86dUqB6pPKgd9BgnHt1kuIDRyRM-ch11xg) by Chris Wang ([@dwatow](https://github.com/dwatow))

## Angular

- [Testing Angular faster with Jest](https://www.xfive.co/blog/testing-angular-faster-jest/) by Michał Pierzchała ([@thymikee](https://twitter.com/thymikee))

## MobX

- [How to Test React and MobX with Jest](https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/how-to-test-react-and-mobx-with-jest) by Will Stern ([@willsterndev](https://twitter.com/willsterndev))

## Redux

- [Writing Tests](https://redux.js.org/recipes/writing-tests) by Redux docs

## Express.js

- [How to test Express.js with Jest and Supertest](http://www.albertgao.xyz/2017/05/24/how-to-test-expressjs-with-jest-and-supertest/) by Albert Gao ([@albertgao](https://twitter.com/albertgao))

## GatsbyJS

- [Unit Testing](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/unit-testing/) by GatsbyJS docs

## Hapi.js

- [Testing Hapi.js With Jest](http://niralar.com/testing-hapi-js-with-jest/) by Niralar ([Sivasankar](http://sivasankar.in/))

Commit message:

Added unit testing Angular with Jest
Added a more extensive guide to test angular applications with Jest

docs/TestingFrameworks.md, after:

---
id: testing-frameworks
title: Testing Web Frameworks
---

Although Jest may be considered a React-specific test runner, in fact it is a universal testing platform, with the ability to adapt to any JavaScript library or framework. In this section we'd like to link to community posts and articles about integrating Jest into other popular JS libraries.

## Vue.js

- [Testing Vue.js components with Jest](https://alexjoverm.github.io/series/Unit-Testing-Vue-js-Components-with-the-Official-Vue-Testing-Tools-and-Jest/) by Alex Jover Morales ([@alexjoverm](https://twitter.com/alexjoverm))
- [Jest for all: Episode 1 — Vue.js](https://medium.com/@kentaromiura_the_js_guy/jest-for-all-episode-1-vue-js-d616bccbe186#.d573vrce2) by Cristian Carlesso ([@kentaromiura](https://twitter.com/kentaromiura))

## AngularJS

- [Testing an AngularJS app with Jest](https://medium.com/aya-experience/testing-an-angularjs-app-with-jest-3029a613251) by Matthieu Lux ([@Swiip](https://twitter.com/Swiip))
- [Running AngularJS Tests with Jest](https://engineering.talentpair.com/running-angularjs-tests-with-jest-49d0cc9c6d26) by Ben Brandt ([@benjaminbrandt](https://twitter.com/benjaminbrandt))
- [AngularJS Unit Tests with Jest Actions (Traditional Chinese)](https://dwatow.github.io/2019/08-14-angularjs/angular-jest/?fbclid=IwAR2SrqYg_o6uvCQ79FdNPeOxs86dUqB6pPKgd9BgnHt1kuIDRyRM-ch11xg) by Chris Wang ([@dwatow](https://github.com/dwatow))

## Angular

- [Testing Angular faster with Jest](https://www.xfive.co/blog/testing-angular-faster-jest/) by Michał Pierzchała ([@thymikee](https://twitter.com/thymikee))
- [Unit testing Angular applications with Jest](https://izifortune.com/unit-testing-angular-applications-with-jest/) by Fabrizio Fortunato([@izifortune])(https://twitter.com/izifortune)

## MobX

- [How to Test React and MobX with Jest](https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/how-to-test-react-and-mobx-with-jest) by Will Stern ([@willsterndev](https://twitter.com/willsterndev))

## Redux

- [Writing Tests](https://redux.js.org/recipes/writing-tests) by Redux docs

## Express.js

- [How to test Express.js with Jest and Supertest](http://www.albertgao.xyz/2017/05/24/how-to-test-expressjs-with-jest-and-supertest/) by Albert Gao ([@albertgao](https://twitter.com/albertgao))

## GatsbyJS

- [Unit Testing](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/unit-testing/) by GatsbyJS docs

## Hapi.js

- [Testing Hapi.js With Jest](http://niralar.com/testing-hapi-js-with-jest/) by Niralar ([Sivasankar](http://sivasankar.in/))
